Privacy Policy for Forky

Last updated: 08.02.2024

We operate the Expenza mobile application. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the App.

Information Collection and Use

While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name and email address.

Log Data

Like many app operators, we collect information that your device sends whenever you use our App. This Log Data may include information such as your device's operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our App, the time and date of your use of the App, and other statistics.

Firebase

We use Firebase, a mobile and web application development platform provided by Google, to collect, process, and store certain information. This may include, but is not limited to, the Personal Information you provide and Log Data. Firebase is governed by Google's Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 08.02.2024 and will remain in effect except concerning any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time, and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello.Expenza@gmail.com.
