Terms of Use for Forky

Last updated: 08.02.2024

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Expenza mobile application operated by us.

By accessing or using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the App.

Intellectual Property

The App and its original content, features, and functionality are owned by Andrei Siclovan SD SRL and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

User Accounts

When you create an account with us, you must provide us with information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our App.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the App and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our App or a third-party service.

User Content

Our App allows you to log and store information related to your expenses and income. You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the Financial Data that you input into the App.

By logging Financial Data into the App, you grant us the right to process, store, and display such Financial Data within the App for the sole purpose of providing you with the intended financial tracking and management services. We will not use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, or distribute your Financial Data outside of the functionalities required for the App's proper operation.

You retain ownership and control over your Financial Data. We will not disclose your Financial Data to third parties, except as required for the operation of the App or as otherwise explicitly consented by you.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Romania, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Changes to These Terms

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is a material, we will try to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our App after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the App.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at hello.Expenza@gmail.com.
